the state becomes a list of the family of the
services as his first artistic
manipulation with card games and you
You can use it for several things
For example, if you have something routine
show
the example can be used for this
a praying spectator card on a
elegant fashion style send back the
before you grab this game
kappeler does not control another
to use variant is really a
fresh in it
okay that means that here if you
wrong even makes Schalke now
simply, I know that something else
more beautiful and fluid on it but must
statement
The snow can actually be one of those
one of those difficult movements
and she that in reality it is
actually consists of only three
steps
the first step is how we do it
bottom part of the game of this
upmarket positions by the way the
starting position in the fingertips
interrupt that okay you can once
About the printing with the thumb
Doing the pressure with yours
Thumb on the top half of the game
extended and thus the lower part
naturally
another possibility is then correct
too difficult is the index finger too
use
to tackle here and just like that
to help, then you end up with these three
Exposure exactly the position the
we want to have
that is step back rhine depending on
what I like experimenting better
a bit around and have done that
Can you do the second after power?
Step is like the lower half
get the card slot on the top
then first your index finger
back to the bottom half to her
the upper half passes by
catch the facebook users and now
you have to still with the thumb light
exert pressure
maybe you want the upper half
Of course you can do it all over
Give a little more movement and that
whole a little more lively
let by you act a little bit
Of course, moving shows you like that
Let's see and let or
which nation Einstein's step 2 and
before it goes down with the thumb
Here you move forward to play
clamped it will not happen and
this is where the closeness comes with
a forward movement
I hope you liked it and we did
see you next time
[Music]